Imviz: Alt-click to create single-pixel region (#1647)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/displayimages.rst

There are options available in the :guilabel:`Layer` tab under the |icon-settings-sliders| icon
to make subsets visible or invisible, to change their color, and to change their opacity.

.. _imviz_defining_spatial_regions_single_pixel:

Single-Pixel Selection
----------------------

> This tool allows the user to create a single-pixel spatial region
> in an image viewer. Activate this tool and then left-click to create
> the new region. Click again to move it to a new location under the cursor.
> Users can hold down the alt key (Alt key on Windows, Option key on Mac)
> while clicking on a pixel to create a new region at that point instead
> of moving it. Users can also utilize the different subset modes that are
> explained in the :ref:`Spatial Regions <imviz_defining_spatial_regions>`
> section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool allows the user to create a single-pixel spatial region
in an image viewer. Activate this tool and then left-click to create
the new region. Click again to move the region to a new location under
the cursor. Holding down the alt key (Alt key on Windows, Option key
on Mac) while clicking pixels creates a new region at each point instead
of moving the previously created region. You can also use the subset
modes that are explained in the 
:ref:`Spatial Regions <imviz_defining_spatial_regions>`
section above in the same way you would with the other subset selection
tools.
```

Reviewer: I think this improves the clarity a bit, and we generally address "you" rather than "the user" (right? 🤔 ).

Author: Should I also apply similar change to https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdaviz/blob/main/docs/cubeviz/displaycubes.rst ? I copied a lot of that text from Cubeviz.

Author: OK, I applied your suggested text to both Imviz and Cubeviz docs. But the glue capitalization, I am not sure... maybe future PR? 😬

When you have multiple images loaded and linked by WCS
(see :ref:`imviz-link-control`), the region defined is with respect to
the reference image, which might not be the image you are viewing.

> This behavior is consistent with glue.

Reviewer: If we reference Glue we should probably capitalize it and link to the Glue docs (or the section of our docs explaining Glue). But then again - does the average user care that this is consistent with Glue? I think most people would find this comment cryptic.

Author: @astrofrog insistent that Glue should be spelled with lowercase. See https://github.com/spacetelescope/jdaviz/pull/1448 🤷

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Oh, good to know. Either way, the more I think about it the more I don't think it's useful information for the user, so I'm going to suggest removing that line. I'm ok with being overruled though, so I'll approve in a moment.

Author: That's fine. I removed it. Thanks!
